what's up everybody my name is Brendan
Hufford welcome to day 26 of 100 days of
SEO this is SEO mash-up Monday let's go
[Music]
what's up my smart smart friends thank
you so so much for being here you know
me I'm Brendon offer just a regular guy
but I've radically changed my life with
SEO the goal of the 100 days of SEO
project is to help you do the same hi
buddy
hi what do you want to come be on the
camera come here man good shirt
daddy's making a video where are you
it's got to come out tomorrow held the
dome knock they don't knock it down
alright boys this is you gotta look in
the camera there you go not at the
screen in the in the hole look in this
middle part here where daddy's fingers
pointing there help me Tom Cruise the
video is not going to be as short as I
thought it was gonna be I also just want
to take a quick timeout to thank
flywheel for sponsoring this episode of
SEO mashup Monday if you're on WordPress
and if you care about the security speed
and performance of your website you
should definitely check out flywheel go
to 100 days of SEO comm slash flywheel
to check that out and I want to start
out with an apology and then I'm going
to share some really cool content with
you so first thing is now on all of the
content is going to be in the
descriptions all the links everything
you need to go check out every single
thing that I share is gonna be in the
description of this video of this
podcast or if you're checking it out on
100 days of SEO calm in the blog post
now you can still go to 100 days of SEO
calm /join enjoying our community and
get cool stuff like the pillar content
master class and all the bonuses and
slides from all the other kind of videos
that I've done but I really didn't like
that I was dating links to other
people's content so in the previous
videos I would share them and I would
say like hey if you want to skip the
links to these go and join the community
but that just feels wrong to me just
glad you're here I'm glad you're
watching this or listening to it and I
just I guess just I just want to say
like thank you so much for your time
links are below I want to be able to say
that from now on so as you'll see the
links are below
this week and every other week also
going forward I'm gonna hit you as a
rapid-fire as possible I'm not going to
go into the content I'm not really gonna
review it I'm gonna hit it as quickly as
I can give you the links and let you
check it out for yourself here's what I
would like though once you
check them out if any of them were
helpful come back drop me a comment
either tweet me at Brendan Hufford or
hit me up here on the video if you're
watching on YouTube let me know in the
comments which piece of content that I
shared this week was actually helpful in
helping you grow your business with SEO
so first up I got this rad book from
drift I think it's really cool I've just
started reading it it's a very short
very punchy it almost reads like a
collection of small blog posts but I
really like it and I'm enjoying it so
far I think it would be helpful for you
you can see we got the SEO beard growing
out in full effect stoked about this is
gonna get unruly by day 100 anyways what
I think is really cool about this book
is this was not like a free plus
shipping and then you had to go through
all sorts of like a click funnel and
upsells and stuff they just literally I
gave my address they sent me the book
that's put this playing the long game
and that's caring about brand and I love
that there's also this really cool
article right here by David Martin about
how understanding UX makes you a better
software engineer I think this is really
cool because I think understanding UX is
very much a key skill set of the future
of SEO and this is ortho read and look
like honestly like this isn't fair
there's a million amazing things that
happened at brighton SEO and i can't
keep up with everything but if you want
to keep up with all of the slide decks
there's a really cool post by Eamon Luke
he'll that has links to every single
slide deck that is on the internet from
Brett this most recent Brighton SEO
definitely go check that out you can see
all of them I think Emily Potter's is
probably my favorite so far of the ones
that I've had a chance to go through
even without the context of actually
hearing Emily speak it was actually
really really helpful as far as learning
more about featured snippets and how to
rank for them which is something I help
clients with quite a bit another great
article about mapping keywords to the
buyers journey over at the hrs blog a
pretty cool kind of just short case
study from from the future I saw Ryan
store presents about this live at
traffic think tank is fantastic this
case study they're gonna be doing more
videos in the future kind of cool
article right here over on TechCrunch by
julian shapiro about how startups
actually make their content marketing
work and finally to wrap this up i just
want to share two tweets the first week
comes from a region abu ali just are
really cool tweet I'm not gonna
mansplain this one just go check it out
if you're a woman working in SEO it's
definitely worth look
and then finally another tweet from
Glenn Alsip Glenn did something pretty
cool what Glenn did was he put together
a Google Doc a really really well
formatted transcript of John Mueller and
Hannah Smith's talk at Brighton SEO I
love that Glenn put this he didn't put
on his website he's not trying to get
anything from it he just wants the
industry to get better and do better so
this is really cool check it out the
link is below along with all the other
links for this week's SEO mashup Monday
and if you're watching this here's my
ass you don't have to join the community
you don't have to opt-in for anything
just share this share this podcast share
this video other people need help with
SEO they're looking for good resources
the amount of noise in the SEO industry
is out of control it's almost impossible
to Google what you want to learn and
find something genuinely helpful so my
hope is that these SEO mashup mondays
will really be the signal amongst the
noise so here I've been Brendon Hufford
don't forget to work hard be nice people
and don't get too lost trying to create
something that matters
[Music]